Membership
 
Objective for Reflection
The platform must allow citizens to reflect among themselves. This implies the free expression of everyone's ideas. Reflection on all subjects must be constant and the vote never closed.
 
Decision objective
The community aims to federate and adopt common, thoughtful, and sustainable decisions. A proposal goes to the decision stage when it obtains 75% of positive votes (+ minimum number of votes).
 
Participation Objective
Members should participate as much as possible in debates and votes.
 
Aid Objective
The platform must serve as a tool for mutual aid between citizens. Administrators do not control the community. As long as they are assessed positively, admins must give citizens and communities all the support possible.
 
Control Objective
Everyone is elected for an indefinite period. As long as 75% of the community approves the work of the elected official, they remain in office. The community has constant control of the mandates presented by its elected officials.
 
Objective of Representation
There is no limit to the number of elected officials. As long as the community needs representatives, or is no longer unanimous, positions are open.
 


Objectivity Objective

Elected Officials:
Platform members must elect impartial spokespeople. Spokespeople will be able to express their personal political opinions through the platform but should only express common political decisions in public.

Citizens:
Members must be objective and take into account the maximum of parameters when solving a problem.
 
Precision Objective
Each elected official will be judged on the precision with which he reports the common opinion. He must therefore be a specialist in the subject treated.
 
Equality Objective
Every individuality contributes to the whole. No opinion can be censored or completely ignored. As an example, we know that education is an effective way to combat social exclusion. Instead of ignoring acts of exclusion, target the perpetrators and educate them.
 
Objective of Independence
The platform should not be subject to any censorship by any existing system. If the organization is insufficient, the only possible measure is the complete blocking of the platform. An administrator must be able to resign if he considers that he can no longer maintain the platform. A sufficient number of administrators is therefore necessary.
The servers will be hosted all over the world.
 
Transparency Objective
No censorship and no secret can exist. All financial accounts, service providers, source code, etc. will be public.
 


Integration
Continuity
The fundamental principles of this gathering are republican and democratic. Freed from religious, national, and cultural issues.
 
Universality Objective
Final decisions must be made through clear unity. The platform must bring together the maximum of people, all opinions combined. It must also be available in all languages.
 
Sustainability Objective
As the project progresses, the number of changes that can be made in a time interval will decrease. The project will be classified according to this ratio (change / week / month +% acceptance).
 
Evolution Objective
The platform is an intermediate step. Thereafter, it is necessary to register the procedures within the existing political framework in each country.
 
Investment Objective
All citizens must work to create funding models. Common funds will be created and used for lucrative or non-lucrative projects, set up according to an appropriate model. The community may invest in employment, research, and administration.
 
Objective of Achievement
Objectives and achievements will be measured solely by the outcomes of voting. The officials will present the bills validated by the community, and the community collectively decides to adopt the bills through votes. Eventually a physical place to vote will be created, and continually open to the community members like any other administrative service.
 
 
  
 
Possible Additions:
Community members may only vote once per bill
Members must validate their identity, and may only hold one identity.